# Capturing Semantic and Syntactic Information for Link Prediction in Knowledge Graphs
- **author**: Changjian WangMinghui YanChuanrun YiYing Sha
- **abstract**:Link prediction has recently been a major focus of knowledge graphs (KGs). It aims at predicting missing links between entities to complement KGs. Most previous works only consider the triples, but the triples provide less information than the paths. Although some works consider the semantic information (i.e. similar entities get similar representations) of the paths using the Word2Vec models, they ignore the syntactic information (i.e. the order of entities and relations) of the paths. In this paper, we propose RW-LMLM, a novel approach for link prediction. RW-LMLM consists of a random walk algorithm for KG (RW) and a language model-based link prediction model (LMLM). The paths generated by RW are viewed as pseudo-sentences for LMLM training. RW-LMLM can capture the semantic and syntactic information in KGs by considering entities, relations, and order information of the paths. Experimental results show that our method outperforms several state-of-the-art models on benchmark datasets. Further analysis shows that our model is highly parameter efficient.
- **keywords**:  Knowledge graph embedding，Link prediction，Random walk，Language model 
- **interpretation**: []()
- **pdf**: [paper](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-3-030-30793-6_38)
- **code**: []()
- **dataset**:  
- **ppt/video**:
- **curator**: Mengya Ji
